All right, my friends, let's do this refactor.
So we're going to create a new file called JS that is going to be responsible for creating the express
app, wiring together all the middleware, root handlers and so on.
We're then going to make sure we import that into indexed JS, which is where we're going to actually
start up the app, along with all the other associated things that need a connection such as Mongoose
and so on.
So back inside, my editor.
I'm going to find my CRC directory.
And inside there, I'm going to make a new file.
Called App JS or excuse me, not avg's app.
Yes.
We are writing TypeScript.
That's right.
So here is what's right here.
And then going to go back over to index us and we're going to do a big copy paste.
So I'm going to take everything from the very top.
All the way down.
See that start function.
So right above the start function.
So where we currently have app use, we're going to take everything.
I'm going to cut all of it, move it over to apts and paste.
Now, if we go back over to index notes, we will immediately see an air around Mongoose.
So I did pull over one import statement that we should have not pulled.
That is the import for mongoose.
So back inside of APT.
Yes, the new file would just create it.
I'm going to find that import from Mongoose.
I'm going to cut it.
Go back over to index and paste.
That looks good.
So now we need to make sure that we export the app from the app to file and import it into index.
So we'll go back over to app TS.
I'll go down to the very bottom.
And I'll add in an export for our app.
So we'll say export app like so.
Just you know, these curly braces are required because we are doing a named export right here.
We cannot just do just export app by itself.
We have to add in those curly braces.
Now we can go back over to index and at the very top we will import the app.
And that should be it.
I don't see any other errors inside this file and I do not see any errors inside of app either.
So I'm going to save both these files and then I'll go back over to Scaffold running on my terminal
and just make sure that everything's started up correctly.
Yep.
Looks good.
Cool.
So we've now got these two separate files.
We've got our app file that does not start up the express application.
It just configures it.
So now that we've got this initial refactor put together quick files right here, we're going to start
to install.
Super test this MongoDB in-memory copy thing we're gonna install just wire up all this stuff starting
in the next video.